a soft answer turns away wrath but a
a soft answer turns away wrath but a harsh word stirs up anger the tongue of
harsh word stirs up anger the tongue of
harsh word stirs up anger the tongue of the wise uses knowledge rightly but the
the wise uses knowledge rightly but the
the wise uses knowledge rightly but the mouth of fools pours forth foolishness
mouth of fools pours forth foolishness
mouth of fools pours forth foolishness the eyes of the Lord are in every place
the eyes of the Lord are in every place
the eyes of the Lord are in every place keeping watch on the evil and the good a
keeping watch on the evil and the good a
keeping watch on the evil and the good a wholesome tongue is a tree of life but
wholesome tongue is a tree of life but
wholesome tongue is a tree of life but perverseness in it breaks the spirit a
perverseness in it breaks the spirit a
perverseness in it breaks the spirit a fool despises his father's instruction
fool despises his father's instruction
fool despises his father's instruction but he who receives correction is
but he who receives correction is
but he who receives correction is prudent in the house of the righteous
prudent in the house of the righteous
prudent in the house of the righteous there is much treasure but in the
there is much treasure but in the
there is much treasure but in the revenue of the wicked is trouble the
revenue of the wicked is trouble the
revenue of the wicked is trouble the lips of the wise dispersed knowledge but
lips of the wise dispersed knowledge but
lips of the wise dispersed knowledge but the heart of the fool does not do so the
the heart of the fool does not do so the
the heart of the fool does not do so the sacrifice of the wicked is an
sacrifice of the wicked is an
sacrifice of the wicked is an abomination to the Lord but the prayer
abomination to the Lord but the prayer
abomination to the Lord but the prayer of the upright is his delight the way of
of the upright is his delight the way of
of the upright is his delight the way of the wicked is an abomination to the Lord
the wicked is an abomination to the Lord
the wicked is an abomination to the Lord but he loves him who follows
but he loves him who follows
but he loves him who follows righteousness harsh discipline is for
righteousness harsh discipline is for
righteousness harsh discipline is for him who forsakes the way and he who
him who forsakes the way and he who
him who forsakes the way and he who hates correction will die hell and
hates correction will die hell and
hates correction will die hell and destruction are before the Lord so how
destruction are before the Lord so how
destruction are before the Lord so how much more the hearts of the sons of men
much more the hearts of the sons of men
much more the hearts of the sons of men a scoffer does not love one who corrects
a scoffer does not love one who corrects
a scoffer does not love one who corrects him nor will he go to the wise a merry
him nor will he go to the wise a merry
him nor will he go to the wise a merry heart makes a cheerful countenance but
heart makes a cheerful countenance but
heart makes a cheerful countenance but by sorrow of the heart the spirit is
by sorrow of the heart the spirit is
by sorrow of the heart the spirit is broken the heart of him who has
broken the heart of him who has
broken the heart of him who has understanding seeks knowledge but the
understanding seeks knowledge but the
understanding seeks knowledge but the mouth of fools feeds on foolishness all
mouth of fools feeds on foolishness all
mouth of fools feeds on foolishness all the days of the afflicted are evil but
the days of the afflicted are evil but
the days of the afflicted are evil but he who is of a merry heart as a
he who is of a merry heart as a
he who is of a merry heart as a continual feast better is a little with
continual feast better is a little with
continual feast better is a little with the fear of the Lord than great treasure
the fear of the Lord than great treasure
the fear of the Lord than great treasure with trouble better is a dinner of herbs
with trouble better is a dinner of herbs
with trouble better is a dinner of herbs where love is than a fatted calf with
where love is than a fatted calf with
where love is than a fatted calf with hatred a wrathful man stirs up strife
hatred a wrathful man stirs up strife
hatred a wrathful man stirs up strife but he who is slow to anger a lays
but he who is slow to anger a lays
but he who is slow to anger a lays contention the way of the lazy man is
contention the way of the lazy man is
contention the way of the lazy man is like a hedge of thorns but the way of
like a hedge of thorns but the way of
like a hedge of thorns but the way of the upright is a highway a wise son
the upright is a highway a wise son
the upright is a highway a wise son makes a father glad but a foolish man
makes a father glad but a foolish man
makes a father glad but a foolish man despises his mother folly is joy to him
despises his mother folly is joy to him
despises his mother folly is joy to him who is destitute of discernment but a
who is destitute of discernment but a
who is destitute of discernment but a man of understanding walks uprightly
man of understanding walks uprightly
man of understanding walks uprightly without counsel plans go awry but in the
without counsel plans go awry but in the
without counsel plans go awry but in the multitude of counselors they are
multitude of counselors they are
multitude of counselors they are established a man has joy by the answer
established a man has joy by the answer
established a man has joy by the answer of his mouth and a word spoken in due
of his mouth and a word spoken in due
of his mouth and a word spoken in due season how good it is the way of life
season how good it is the way of life
season how good it is the way of life winds upward for the wise that he may
winds upward for the wise that he may
winds upward for the wise that he may turn away from Hell below the Lord will
turn away from Hell below the Lord will
turn away from Hell below the Lord will destroy the house of the proud but he
destroy the house of the proud but he
destroy the house of the proud but he will establish the boundary of the widow
will establish the boundary of the widow
will establish the boundary of the widow the thoughts of the wicked are an
the thoughts of the wicked are an
the thoughts of the wicked are an abomination to the Lord but the words of
abomination to the Lord but the words of
abomination to the Lord but the words of the pure are pleasant
the pure are pleasant
the pure are pleasant he who is greedy for gain troubles his
he who is greedy for gain troubles his
he who is greedy for gain troubles his own house but he who hates bribes will
own house but he who hates bribes will
own house but he who hates bribes will live the heart of the righteous studies
live the heart of the righteous studies
live the heart of the righteous studies how to answer but the mouth of the
how to answer but the mouth of the
how to answer but the mouth of the wicked pours forth evil the Lord is far
wicked pours forth evil the Lord is far
wicked pours forth evil the Lord is far from the wicked but he hears the prayer
from the wicked but he hears the prayer
from the wicked but he hears the prayer of the righteous the light of the eyes
of the righteous the light of the eyes
of the righteous the light of the eyes rejoices the heart and a good report
rejoices the heart and a good report
rejoices the heart and a good report makes the bones healthy the ear that
makes the bones healthy the ear that
makes the bones healthy the ear that hears the rebukes of life will abide
hears the rebukes of life will abide
hears the rebukes of life will abide among the wise he who disdains
among the wise he who disdains
among the wise he who disdains instruction despises his own soul but he
instruction despises his own soul but he
instruction despises his own soul but he who heeds rebuke gets understanding
who heeds rebuke gets understanding
who heeds rebuke gets understanding the fear of the Lord is the instruction
the fear of the Lord is the instruction
the fear of the Lord is the instruction of wisdom and before honor is humility
of wisdom and before honor is humility
of wisdom and before honor is humility [Music]